Fix/1864 update docs async (#1868)
fastify/fastify: docs/Routes.md

<h1 align="center">Fastify</h1>

## Routes

You have two ways to declare a route with Fastify, the shorthand method and the full declaration. Let's start with the second one:
<a name="full-declaration"></a>

### Full declaration

```js
fastify.route(options)
```

- `method`: currently it supports `'DELETE'`, `'GET'`, `'HEAD'`, `'PATCH'`, `'POST'`, `'PUT'` and `'OPTIONS'`. It could also be an array of methods.

> 

Reviewer: Why this empty line?

If you are interested in how we handle the routing, checkout [find-my-way](https://github.com/delvedor/find-my-way).

<a name="async-await"></a>

> ### Pure Async Await

Reviewer: I would just keep "Async Await", I would not use the word "pure" in docs.

})
```

<a name="callback"></a>

> ### From callback to promises

Reviewer: Conceptually, `reply.send()`  is not a callback. It can be used with callback and promise APIs.

> As you see [above](/#async-await) we are not calling `reply.send` to send back the data to the user. You just need to return the body and you are done!

Reviewer: I think this sentence refers to the previous sections, why the title is before?

If you need it you can also send back the data to the user with `reply.send`.
```js
fastify.get('/', options, function (request, reply) {
  getData()
  .then((data) => processData(data))
  .then((processed) => reply.send(processed))
  .catch((err) => {
    reply.send(err)
  })
})
```

<a name="promises"></a>

> ### Pure Promises

Reviewer: I would remove the word "pure".

```
**Warning:** You can't return `undefined`. For more details read [promise-resolution](#promise-resolution).

<a name="callback"></a>
### Callback

As you see [above](/#async-await) we are not calling `reply.send` to send back the data to the user. You just need to return the body and you are done!

If you need it you can also send back the data to the user with `reply.send`.
```js
fastify.get('/', options, function (request, reply) {
  getData()
  .then((data) => processData(data))
  .then((processed) => reply.send(processed))
  .catch((err) => {

>     reply.code(500).send(err)

Reviewer: You can just call reply.send(err) here

  })

> })

Reviewer: If this example is about callbacks, then it should not use promises.

Author: It should demonstrate the path from promise & callback to promises only.

```

<a name="promises"></a>
### Promises

As you see [above](/#callback) the code is very verbose because we combine different control-flow styles (`callback-style` and `async-await`) and error-handling is explicit. We can fix it very easily:

If you **return** the promise the value is returned to the user and error-handling is handled by the framework.
```js

> fastify.get('/', options, function (request, reply) {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
fastify.get('/', options, async function (request) {
```

Reviewer 3: I think it was intended not to use an async function here. 
There is an async/await example starting at line 162.

Author: Exactly, that example should demonstrate the promise only approach.

<a name="promise-resolution"></a>
### Promise resolution

> If your handler is an `async` function or returns a promise, you should be aware of a special behaviour which is necessary to support the callback and promise control-flow. If the handler's promise is resolved with `undefined`, it will be ignored causing the request to hang and an *error* log to be emitted. Follow these rules and you are safe.

Reviewer: I would end this with a colon

1. If you want to use `async/await` **Don't** use `reply.send` and just return the value so that the `route` handler function is resolved with the value you want to respond.
2. If you want to use `reply.send` **Don't** use `async/await` and **Don't** return a promise otherwise the control-flow will get lost and the `route` handler function is resolved before you can call `reply.send`.

> You can also combine different styles like `callback-style` and `async-await` but it will quickly hard to manage only do it if you know exactly what to do. Because of that and to practice error-handling in a consistent way we recommend to go with only one style within your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combining different styles like `callback-style` and `async-await` might become hard and error prone. We recommend to use just one style within an application to ensure all errors are handled consistently.
```

<a name="promise-resolution"></a>
### Promise resolution

If your handler is an `async` function or returns a promise, you should be aware of a special behaviour which is necessary to support the callback and promise control-flow. If the handler's promise is resolved with `undefined`, it will be ignored causing the request to hang and an *error* log to be emitted. Follow these rules and you are safe:

1. If you want to use `async/await` **Don't** use `reply.send` and just return the value so that the `route` handler function is resolved with the value you want to respond.

> 2. If you want to use `reply.send` **Don't** use `async/await` and **Don't** return a promise otherwise the control-flow will get lost and the `route` handler function is resolved before you can call `reply.send`.

Reviewer: We actually support a 3rd way to mix and match, i.e. `await reply`. We might want to mention as follows: "If you have a complex use case where you need to mix them, just add `await reply` at the end of your async function".
